Gwenevere Abriel: Psycho social Ashley Wiley.
Ashley Bitakis: Are you able to hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can now just heard you. Yeah, I can't see yet I'm hit your the start video button. And let's see if we can get that on board.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, here we go. A
Gwenevere Abriel: Long time no see.
Ashley Bitakis: To too long of a time no see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm so today I want to talk to you. Remember these first first visits are tough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's lots and lots of questions. But I also know I can pull some of the information from our prior assessment. So why don't we work it just a little differently. And why don't you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: When you left Breitbart health. I'm assuming you left the state and you were with this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What substance. Did you relapse on. I'm wondering if you were doing math, possibly. You tell me.
Ashley Bitakis: Um, so the same substances that I was on before you know I I smoke heroin, as well as methamphetamines okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's just focus on substance use for just a little bit. So over the last few months you were using IV heroin look
Ashley Bitakis: I've never injected here with never I've only ever smoked it okay so recent relapse smoked heroin, how
Gwenevere Abriel: much were you doing a day typically
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, up to about two grams a day.
Ashley Bitakis: How much math.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much math, reading a day for the last few months.
Ashley Bitakis: I don't know how to measure that. Oh, okay.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, I do. I don't know how to measure that. Um,
Ashley Bitakis: I guess.
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I don't. I really don't know how to measure that when I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people do it by how much money they're spending.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so maybe like I guess like 40 $40 worth at a time, maybe. Okay, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any significant sort of medical events happen from this use any accidental or intentional overdoses any hospitalizations psychotic episodes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Ashley Bitakis: Know thing God. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So denies. So the ways for transcription denies accidental or intentional overdose. No report or endorsement of
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychosis. Okay. And when was your last use of these substances.
Ashley Bitakis: Gosh, when I have actually been clean or on for method and things are going on.
Ashley Bitakis: Either the third or fourth day from heroin. I've been clean going on for like the like day five or six
Ashley Bitakis: Going crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm right. And how much buprenorphine. Are you you want
Ashley Bitakis: None. I have not taken Suboxone
Oh really,
Ashley Bitakis: Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I wonder why that is.
Ashley Bitakis: I don't have it available to me at this time until
Ashley Bitakis: You know, hopefully get back, you know, back into a routine with you guys. Well, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically, what it is is there's a few days that pass where you are off the opiate and then you can be placed on buprenorphine does Dr. Aubrey young know how many days you've been off of it.
Ashley Bitakis: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What time is it right now. She might be starting because I was either going to meet with you because I was waiting to hear if you were going to take this appointment or I was going to jump in and in a meeting with her, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is the know there's just so much to do all at once.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what pharmacy you're using right now.
Ashley Bitakis: You know I'm last last we had kind of seen each other you we were discussing, you know, change in my situation changing friends changing environment which never happened. Nothing changed.
Ashley Bitakis: The expectation of me changing was
Ashley Bitakis: What was still there. Yeah. So my situation has absolutely changed since then, with both friends and environment.
Ashley Bitakis: So I did. I'm in. I'm in the heights. Now, you know, coming back from Arizona.
Ashley Bitakis: We didn't go back to my grandmother's house we're in the height. So I have a pharmacy. That's literally like not even a half a block away from me and I had, I had told the gal. When I had called that it's a dismiss drugstore obviously on tramway in central
Ashley Bitakis: But we don't we no longer have a vehicle so my prescription. I really, really hope it would go there are the ways right you know be mobile. I don't know what I would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know I'm in Florida sniffs on a trampoline in a central is almost completely meaningless to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. Right. But the people that need to know, are your physician and I don't know that she's available. Is it, is there any way you know what the address is, um,
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, I could get it for you if you like. Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Cuz of the top of my head, though. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sooner you know it. Maybe we could do that right at the end. Okay. Okay, so let's um let's persevere here. So when I heard you say that seems different and then we're going to dive in. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to still need this to be discussing the the content for this this bio psychosocial today. We won't be able to get into what happened. Yeah, you got me that next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When I do want to know who you are living with so state the names of the people you're living
Ashley Bitakis: Through at the time, just my husband. So, James.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no children.
Ashley Bitakis: Not at this time. You have
Gwenevere Abriel: Any pets.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where are your children residing
Ashley Bitakis: With my grandmother
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right. I'm gonna see if I can, we'll have a little quiet while I'm trying to grab the original assessment. See if I can pull from there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz it'll give us time. See if I can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, taste. Very nice. Okay. So things that
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably sound familiar to you are things like this. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Addicted had started I wasn't taking care of my mental health, not having coping skills out of control, anxiety, having highs and lows in depression, not having the courage to recognize that chemical dependence started march of 2016. Is that still how you identify it.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: After she had her second son never used during pregnancy for either childhood did not breastfeed did not breastfeed and drank often Woody, were you, you were drinking alcohol, you were saying.
Ashley Bitakis: Um yeah I yeah in 2016 I did drink a little more
Ashley Bitakis: Than not a little more. I'm sorry. Yes, I did drink more often at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay see life spiraled out of control when biological father of her son something, but you didn't finish that sentence. Can you finish that sentence by spiraled out of control with biological father of son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't. This doesn't say what happened.
Ashley Bitakis: And a lot of domestic violence mental abuse, physical abuse. Yeah, there we go. And that's both to myself in the two children.
Gwenevere Abriel: The client and children. Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: History alone family history alone is a nightmare, a family history alone. It's a nightmare. And, you know, pick up on that a little bit, she would take to
Gwenevere Abriel: oxy 30s, that would last a week this progress to four then eight a week of
Gwenevere Abriel: Started to expand with other methods of administration.
Gwenevere Abriel: escalated to 630 hours a day snorted and smoked also started smoking heroin two grams a day and fentanyl once smoked off of oil. Did it over these last few months, any fentanyl use
Ashley Bitakis: Actually yeah if it knows more way more
Ashley Bitakis: Easy to get nowadays, more than ever.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how, but I want to know how much, how often
Ashley Bitakis: Um, you know, I had actually smoked a whole pill.
Ashley Bitakis: In one week in one day 24 hour period. Maybe about
Ashley Bitakis: Now, I would say at least seven days ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often we doing that.
Ashley Bitakis: It's not my thing. So that was the one time and I happen to come across it. And one time.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: One time over the last, I don't know how many months you've been gone
Ashley Bitakis: One time, I mean,
Ashley Bitakis: I don't know either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's okay. We can figure it out. One time since discharged from prior admission will just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Alrighty.
Ashley Bitakis: Sorry, my neck.
Ashley Bitakis: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: shall call it your first use of alcohol 16 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got history of blackouts at a frequency that was too many to count. But let's see if we can know, would you say it blackouts happened more than 50 times 20 times what might be a closer number
Ashley Bitakis: 20 would be a closer number I would think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm endorsed DTS. In the early years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember when you were drinking more heavily if anyone ever said to you, Hey girl, you need to cut back and you kind of got irritated with them.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I used to have a roommate.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, used to groom and she did point that out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was there ever a time. So, Louise. This is the cage and and free to endorsing
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked to cut back and was irritated by roommate, was there ever a time and you tried to cut back and it was like, I can't have got to have
Ashley Bitakis: Neither. No, no, with alcohol. Um, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alcohol will continue with alcohol. So that's a no, that was a no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And were there ever any. Let's see. What did we
Gwenevere Abriel: already covered blackouts DTS.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's it for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: One. Oh, I know. When was your last drink.
Ashley Bitakis: Um,
Ashley Bitakis: I guess maybe two weeks ago. How much did you drink.
Ashley Bitakis: Plenty of water.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often have you been drinking about
Ashley Bitakis: I would say over a 30 day course.
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe about
Ashley Bitakis: Over 30 days maybe about two points in total.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got last us two weeks ago last 30 days totally used about you stopped two pints in total.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any hospitalizations over
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm actually going to go look and see when you are discharged.
Ashley Bitakis: Are you say just just once I had here.
Ashley Bitakis: A severe. I don't know. I guess asthma attack. I don't
Ashley Bitakis: Know, just, just because
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm were you admitted stayed overnight or now.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: In and out. Same day or were you admitted and stayed overnight.
Ashley Bitakis: Or I'm sorry. No, it was not admitted in an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll go in to a different section. Let's put the since January 2020 client endorses the hospitalization.
Gwenevere Abriel: Admin discharge. Same day attributed to severe asthma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a history. Right. I can see the alcohol poisoning. When was that
Ashley Bitakis: Sure. When that was blacked
Gwenevere Abriel: Out stayed overnight. It's not recall if she was given medication last drink was okay to drink to us. Okay, versus it THC 21
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure I asked back then. Let's see if we can add to this a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever experimented with things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Spice.
Ashley Bitakis: Oh, yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: It was a long time ago that was maybe like back in 2012
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How often are you doing it.
Ashley Bitakis: Oh,
Ashley Bitakis: You know, I really, I really only tried it is they prefer. I prefer actual marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll say, I'll say one time use or should I say 10 which i right
Ashley Bitakis: I would say through through my entire life, maybe seven times I've traded client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client endorsing spice use starting
Gwenevere Abriel: With lifetime use about seven times.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Okay, please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and other things like, I don't know if I asked about
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: huffing or whippets back then.
Ashley Bitakis: No her finger with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, denies lifetime use of bluffing or whippets any use of cranium in lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the climate deniers lifetime you have great employees, one for all
Ashley Bitakis: With it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, I'm not going to educate you. I know you guys want to hear. I won't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's keep moving. We're doing great. Um, any treatment, though in between January and today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Another section here. It's this like history. I'm gonna go. Want to go pull. What we kind of already know and if we can add to it a little bit.
We did ours. On August
In August,
More than that.
We really like to keep going back reports copy
Okay, I'm optimistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. One section, we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were diagnosed with depression. Your prescribed so telegram 10 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently taking any psychotropic medication.
Ashley Bitakis: No, I did, I did ask for a refill. So I did get a refill, but I have not taken anything. Okay. Yeah. I have not even picked it up yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the that's from your primary care physician.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you're Smith's
Ashley Bitakis: Yes. Cool. Yeah I transferred everything over there. Okay, so
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: uncompressed
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that she has not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, Counselor on
On open free
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what that means. You do have a history of seeing counselor, it looks like to address anxiety, depression and family issues. Um, do you know what year that was, was that 2019 or different year
Ashley Bitakis: That's that was a different year um
Ashley Bitakis: Gosh, I would say.
Ashley Bitakis: That was probably maybe 20
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe like 2010 maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you saw him her for six months about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you have a history of
Gwenevere Abriel: Suicidal suicidal ideation and it looks like in 2011, was there anything before that any suicidal ideation that you remember before 2011
Ashley Bitakis: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And recent
Ashley Bitakis: No, no nothing. Suicide woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you are not having any current thoughts of wanting to end your life you don't have a plan. You don't have intent. You've not taken any action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client denies current and recent suicidal ideation plan intent or action kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about
Gwenevere Abriel: homicidal ideation recently.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever
Ashley Bitakis: You know, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, quiet and nice lifetime a homicidal ideation plan intent and action and self injurious behavior, Ashley where you cutter burn your skin or do sort of this self destructive self injurious behavior. Have you engaged in any of that.
Ashley Bitakis: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever a time where you did.
Ashley Bitakis: Um,
Ashley Bitakis: No, I mean, no I mean back like in middle school.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, I would simply safety pins through my skin my knuckles, but that was a really hurt myself. That was just silly and stupid. And I was in middle school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, maybe not because you're in middle school. What was the hope when you were putting this the pins through your
Ashley Bitakis: For attention. There's just an attention seeking thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And whose attention, did you get from that.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm just fellow friends classmates. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that lasted for months or years
Ashley Bitakis: I was a couple months. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything recent that you could identify, we have self injurious behavior.
Ashley Bitakis: And, you know, just anything has a lot to do with either coming down off of methamphetamines are being on methamphetamine, it just as you can see, just, you know, picking, picking my face constantly scratching.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know. That's that side effect right of the coming off a mass
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got some skin picking
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly secondary to
Matthews.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you didn't mention before
Gwenevere Abriel: Self injurious behavior which started within the last year I self mutilate when I'm feeling really low about myself. You were picking an ingrown hair. Do you remember kind of going through that for period of time.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, and you know, I really think it has to just do with the drugs quite, quite honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
All right.
Give me just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so weird to see you so low energy, I'm so used to seeing you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of bouncing around and being bubbly.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I'm, I'm here, you're
Ashley Bitakis: Really down. You know, I don't feel good at all. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'm going to do. I mean, as soon as this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctor becomes available.
Traveling one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any chance you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Zoom room with Ashley and shape as men off short acting, you haven't had any opiates for five days. Is that correct,
Ashley Bitakis: No, it's not six days if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are acting opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: And denies long acting opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: 456 days. Can we get an order in for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs to identify sniffs are messy, that is by tram way and central she has no car.
Gwenevere Abriel: No car on not
Gwenevere Abriel: Come in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Join don't think. Okay, let's see if we can get her to pop in and I know she's in a meeting, but maybe it'll end early will get lucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I want you on medicine as soon as possible, so we can be productive. It's hard to be productive in therapy when you're out of it.
Ashley Bitakis: So true, very true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's move over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we know the family history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got that born number quirky
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Patient was kicked out of high school, three times report attendance. I came in, when, as I pleased random episodes of rage. I had no clicks of friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was able to get her GED in 2007 if I say something and you're like, that's not true, just shout out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client intake college trade school phlebotomy certification and a certified medical system. I enjoyed structure College, the controlled life and Floyd for a year and a half, no way I can keep a job one way I can keep job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Husband not biological father ever children is a hard worker. Typical to full time employment working two to three jobs at a time. You're talking about you or the husband
Ashley Bitakis: Right. Sometimes, though, it was about James in yeah I'm gonna take that that's not you.
James
Gwenevere Abriel: Any, any domestic violence going on between you
Ashley Bitakis: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any emotional abuse going on in there.
No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Houses gambling, we can't get too deep into it. But I'm just curious.
Ashley Bitakis: I would say I would say slim to none. At the very moment, but if opportunities there and it's behind
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your financial status is it stable or unstable.
And stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you working, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you trying to get a job.
Ashley Bitakis: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you are
Gwenevere Abriel: And your certifications. Are any of them still viable, or is that something you and I can look
Ashley Bitakis: They are, but the field is just too far out of reach for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: At this time I need more more simplicity in employment at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you currently sexually active.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, single partner.
Ashley Bitakis: Yes, please transcribe
Three relationships and lifetime pass my abusive Celtic close
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm with James
Ashley Bitakis: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you describe the relationship as intimate close loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Or other descriptors. I'm gonna see if I can pull up some of those words.
Ashley Bitakis: Yes.
Ashley Bitakis: dependable.
Ashley Bitakis: dependable as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: As even using with you.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm just just methamphetamines everyone has never been this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where's he getting treatment.
Ashley Bitakis: Um, he's not he's he's been clean now for
Ashley Bitakis: I would say, though.
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe four or five days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, you've got Anthony age seven, you've got Levi.
Gwenevere Abriel: John h3.
Ashley Bitakis: He's for now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cute, cute. Cute. Stand with your mom.
Ashley Bitakis: With my grandmother
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandmother. That's right. You said that
Gwenevere Abriel: And and
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony's with our tube.
Ashley Bitakis: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is the father of these children, these days, where is he living
Ashley Bitakis: We're, we're assuming he's in Virginia, because we haven't seen him or heard about him, but his locations really unknown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was last time I talked to him.
Oh, gosh.
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe six September of
Ashley Bitakis: Last year,
Gwenevere Abriel: There was some goings ons, but we can check
Ashley Bitakis: Out there was a lot of harassment and
Ashley Bitakis: Jogging it taking the kids. I think the last time I talked to you.
Ashley Bitakis: We, we haven't seen him since then. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You want any other medicine right now.
You know,
Ashley Bitakis: It will I do I'm having a lot of trouble sleeping, you can have steadily my mind my bed. So I did take
Ashley Bitakis: What is it like Waldron. It's like a sleep aid.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, yeah, but um yeah I took it took, like, three of those last night.
Ashley Bitakis: Literally the day hadn't really taken a vacation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna make me your
Gwenevere Abriel: And even goes through tele health, you can make someone yawn. That's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was my mind. We are just such social creatures we humans.
Really see
Gwenevere Abriel: Any sort of events significant events.
Gwenevere Abriel: happened over the last
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple months.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, we're currently homeless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what do you sort of attribute that to
Ashley Bitakis: I mean strictly to addiction.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not with your children. I noticed
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, it's, it's for the best.
Ashley Bitakis: That we Anthony Kentucky can't continue to go to school and then leave. I started school now being mobile. We didn't have the transportation to provide
Ashley Bitakis: Education to them. So then being with Nana right now is the best
Ashley Bitakis: Which is hard to say because her and I still don't quite get along, but
Ashley Bitakis: For the sake of the kids we're making it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about how you change people, places and things
Ashley Bitakis: So places we, you know, have not lived with Nana. Should we won't live with Nana.
Ashley Bitakis: over previous friends.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, or or connections.
Ashley Bitakis: We've gotten rid of don't talk to
Ashley Bitakis: So social life or any kind of dealer that I know don't talk to anymore.
Ashley Bitakis: Or don't know how to contact
Ashley Bitakis: We're in a new part of town. So location wise.
Ashley Bitakis: Teaching changing location. It was, was a big. It's a big thing also
Ashley Bitakis: Not living with Nana's I'm it's it's more of a positive thing than it is anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, homeless will, where are you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: at a motel. Okay. And so that's where I'm hearing. I need to get a job, so that you can get your own place. Is that what I'm hearing
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, and get her kids back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, with
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did any legal events happen that would preclude you from being with your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was your decision. And I noticed she said it was because you wanted them to be in a school setting it was not. You didn't say it had anything to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your substance use.
Ashley Bitakis: Well, being in a motel also and doing drugs with two kids in the same room that's just too close. There's not enough space to get away with that.
Ashley Bitakis: So having them not be exposed to my addiction in one little room is near to impossible for the best that they weren't with us at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the phone number that you have. Do you anticipate. It's going to be the number you're going to have for maybe another month or more
Ashley Bitakis: This number this number will most likely be long lasting.
Ashley Bitakis: I actually have another phone another phone number that I can provide to you after Saturday. I'm going to be able to have my own like my own phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I think what I'll do is I'll wait to hear that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll be the one. Maybe that you and I can text confirmation numbers around scheduling.
Ashley Bitakis: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you leave town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple months ago.
Ashley Bitakis: James had a job opportunity in Flagstaff
Ashley Bitakis: Arizona. Okay.
What happened.
Ashley Bitakis: His contract ended within like three weeks to a month of employment, we had a comeback.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your self esteem zero to 10 these days.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean it's it's up and down and
Ashley Bitakis: It's all over the place. Some
Ashley Bitakis: Some days I feel like
Ashley Bitakis: You know, I guess I better go myself and others.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not give me a number zero to 10
Ashley Bitakis: So my highest level of self esteem zero 10 will probably sit at a good five
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, my lowest would be definitely zero
Gwenevere Abriel: We're seeing each other, twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if that might be a good idea until you get some more stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you be able to do that and still be looking for a job.
Ashley Bitakis: I would have done a lot of looking for a job. It's just a missing puzzle piece to
Ashley Bitakis: To to get out there and actually get it so I you know I like to say I could get a job pretty easily. But then again, I haven't worked in over a year, so I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this, let's do, let's write a couple goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want
Gwenevere Abriel: As you know, those are really important for steering what we focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: For your life, the things you want to work on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try and think in terms of maybe something you want to do more of or something you want to do less of, and let's see if we can create a goal that can can kind of drive our work together when something you want to do more of
Ashley Bitakis: We do more, more productivity inside and outside the home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be more productive from Doc.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll start with in the home.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that mean,
Ashley Bitakis: I'm it's just far too easy for me just to stay in bed curl up and
Ashley Bitakis: And just stay there, you know, for 48 hours straight.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this getting a job is going to represent for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Productivity right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were saying something earlier about you've been looking, but it's one thing to look. So where were you looking
Ashley Bitakis: Location of our motel is in a prime location to get a little, you know, like a little jobs, something that's simple such as cash cheering at sprouts is where I'm really hoping to actually get that job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Application at sprouts.
Ashley Bitakis: Yes, they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that
Ashley Bitakis: I finished the application yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Excellent.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, it's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you talk to anybody over there.
No.
Ashley Bitakis: My anticipation, depending on how today kind of went
Ashley Bitakis: Through filling up to even leaving the room, I would like to go in there. Okay. And it's and it's right there by Smith, too. So I kind of thought, if I had that hope of
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe getting some medication from you guys. I did get that gets them to drink sit for a minute. Relax, think what I'm going to say and then go into sprouts on the way back to my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And today do background check, is that going to be an issue. I can't remember that history.
Ashley Bitakis: No, I don't have. I've never been convicted of anything.
Ashley Bitakis: I've been charged and never convicted
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now tell me what you mean more about I want to be more productive in the home. See if you can identify more about what that means. Or we could drop that. Because what I have is I want a little job that's very tangible
Gwenevere Abriel: We can also drop. I want to be more productive in the home, we can change that all together. If you want to pull it back.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm sorry, wait.
Ashley Bitakis: What was the last thing you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's come up with another goal, maybe, maybe a mental health goal, maybe something around feelings, emotions and substance use the word somewhere in there.
Ashley Bitakis: We're just going to have to close this.
Ashley Bitakis: So as a goal for feelings and emotions and my substance abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will will pull those apart when you think about your emotional growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychological growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a very big conversation. But from your perspective, what would you like to do more of
Ashley Bitakis: I have a huge just attachment. I've become very just attached to every everything and everybody around me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what is, what do you want
Ashley Bitakis: I'm sorry.
Ashley Bitakis: I want to become more
Ashley Bitakis: Attached
Ashley Bitakis: To the people, my husband, my children.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's talk about what group, you could attend
Gwenevere Abriel: These are some options.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might want to write them down. You have paper and pen.
Ashley Bitakis: Right right out to the bathroom. I do.
Ashley Bitakis: And I have a planner. I actually bought a, like a little planner. So I'm excited to start using it. I will write it in my planner for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how do we decide what group you're going to go to them without that. Do you want to take a break and come back in two or three minutes.
Ashley Bitakis: To go get my planner.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay. Yeah. Give me, give me less than two minutes and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll stay here you go do
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: 9am Monday 1pm
Ashley Bitakis: Monday, I want to be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday 11am
Ashley Bitakis: Thursday at 11 have always worked
Gwenevere Abriel: 12pm on Fridays. So I want that written down. It's really important.
Ashley Bitakis: So Ray all those boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please do. Your life is in flux. Right now, so I want these written down so that you can look out and when you're feeling better. And when you get your job, you can look at them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Monday, one. I'm so sorry. Monday at 9am
Ashley Bitakis: And 1pm 9am in one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday's 7am
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursdays at 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: And Friday 12pm for now. I heard you say you kind of likes the 11am. I think that's where you were before.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So that would be tomorrow.
Ashley Bitakis: Which is
Gwenevere Abriel: March 12
Gwenevere Abriel: at 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So we've got that one. But when so make a really big sort of square around that schedule. And you can say, Be ah ah group schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: That real big and obvious so that when your life changes, you can go look at that again, or when you're about to say yes to a schedule and you wonder what what are some constraints, you can
Ashley Bitakis: See the schedule. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got a plan. We've got today your meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, and then you'll meet again tomorrow at 11
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, I haven't heard from her yet I'm
Ashley Bitakis: Meeting. We'll just have to kind of wait it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should be out in about 15 minutes
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let's go back up here to this this concept of
Gwenevere Abriel: I know these are hard workers are complex thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were working on yourself, quite a bit when you were working with me right
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you still need to do. See if you can
Ashley Bitakis: Do I still need to do
Ashley Bitakis: What do you
Ashley Bitakis: Have a better focus on sobriety.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just go with that. Then we've got three. That's pretty darn good. Okay, especially given how poorly or fill in here.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I'm sorry I've moved into the bathroom and just even getting out of bed and moving in here just like drained me. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for the next 30 days, what we'll be doing is obviously you're going to feel better right away as soon as you get this buprenorphine in your system. That's what's so amazing stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when is your next appointment.
Ashley Bitakis: Tomorrow at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Good. So we want to put that in a phone. We want to get those appointments in there so that you can be assisted in remembering
Gwenevere Abriel: And then individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're going to meet on a Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: To write this one down to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write down
Gwenevere Abriel: 8am march 18
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know it's hard to imagine getting up that early, but you're going to feel better soon.
Ashley Bitakis: I want to get in that habit I really do that we, you know, for work purposes and for the kids.
Ashley Bitakis: Are they want to get into that morning heaven.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what will. We're going to start with that. Let's see how far we get on, I want to book up a bunch of stuff with you. Yeah, let's just stay right here with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will see you tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yep and if there's any issue, let's say, in the next
Gwenevere Abriel: hour or two, um, feel free to
Gwenevere Abriel: Call you can reach out to Brian heart health, or just for now because I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Write this number down
Ashley Bitakis: 95440088 495-424-0088 for
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's my personal cell you've had it before.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I still do.
Ashley Bitakis: But I didn't write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what so maybe make a note. You can send me if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: The address of the prescription. You can go into virtual clinic and tell them, hey, this is the pharmacy. I found the address with your first task as soon as you end with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find the address of that Smith's because that's going to go faster. That order is going to go in faster as soon as the physician knows where to send
Ashley Bitakis: You soon as we hang up. I will send it to you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if something goes wrong and you don't get like when you call the pharmacy and say, hey, is there an order and if it hasn't gone in, in the next you know couple hours, I would say, I don't know what her schedule is like
Ashley Bitakis: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Text me and say, hey, I called the pharmacy. There's nothing there.
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for now it's not forever. But right now I want to make sure you're getting that
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you have you done
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to see it doesn't look like you've met with a doctor, yet it's not right.
Ashley Bitakis: No, no. Not this time around. Correct. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so they're going to need to meet with you and she may end up saying I can't do it until she meets with you. So I don't know what the response is going to be. I was under the assumption that
Gwenevere Abriel: They had done a health and physical, but I'm looking in the record doesn't look like it looks like we're we're meeting first so
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder why they didn't set that up for you.
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe, I don't know, maybe they just assumed because it was on the program before I have no idea. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not on you that's on on now. My guest to know what what the deal. I'm just going to type something to Angelina, she's our sort of case Navigator. Let me just see what she says. Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
So for actually
Gwenevere Abriel: When can she get her H and P
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. You've got my cell phone. It sounds like there's a couple little things that need to happen, but that doesn't mean it can't happen right away. Maybe the doc can meet with you today that might move it along.
Ashley Bitakis: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the number that you are at is, let me see what they've got in the record here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you at the 97509 for two
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that is James's number
Ashley Bitakis: You were sharing a cell phone and we had ordered one and it's actually in my grandmother's but we're not going to see her until Saturday. So it's going to be so in Saturday. I'll have my own phone
Okay, and that's 909
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and go look at something. Maybe there's if you look in the door of the hotel. What's the physical address that you're in.
Ashley Bitakis: Give me one second.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm going to put you down one second, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see if they have it. Oh, is it 771 to read very Street.
Ashley Bitakis: You can. That's my grandmother's address, you can use that address if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to have, I need to physically know where my clients are in case there's an emergency. So I do need to know where you are.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, let me get your different interests and one second.
No problem.
Ashley Bitakis: Can I also text you the address of the motel. Once we text you the address of the pharmacy that okay all to just Google bath it
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, in the drawer. There should be something you're going to have a receipt you know it's going to be that kind of thing. All right, you can always go down to the office as well.
Ashley Bitakis: We've been we've been here a couple weeks now and there's nothing in the drawer that
Ashley Bitakis: Address NATO or anything else. So we'll just
Ashley Bitakis: I'll get it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Sounds good. So you've got your next service, which is tomorrow but there might be something else coming your way. When the doc kind of wants to connect with you and around a health and physical. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just stay in contact. Over the next sort of 24 hours, make sure that you start feeling better. Something gets in place here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will hopefully see you tomorrow and group. OK.
Ashley Bitakis: I will see them are in group in just once we can get full text to those two addresses. Correct. And now I'm just kind of waiting. Is that correct,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you can call it. Let's say you get the address. You can be busy doing things like
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the address for the pharmacy, not only text me. You can go right into virtual clinic and say, hey, I need to schedule an H and P which is a health and physical I need to schedule on a physician.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really I've been off of opiates for five to six days I'm ready to be entrepreneur theme.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to move that along so
Gwenevere Abriel: He can I know you're polite, so I'm not worried about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are down to doc Dr elements not around right now. So anyway, that's something you can do give them your pharmacy address
Gwenevere Abriel: And request that you meet with a physician for your initial evaluation.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll take it from there we'll talk soon.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, thank you. Good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome back.
Ashley Bitakis: We'll see you tomorrow. Bye bye.